The situation is more severe than I imagined
As shown on the bill
The factory is losing money every day
And there's a lot of money missing.
Who was the previous accountant in the factory?
My aunt
This has got to stop.
Rectification must be rectified
It's almost time for dinner
What kind of meeting is this?
I heard it was the factory manager's wife
A country bumpkin
Transformed into the wife of the factory manager
What I'm going to do next
Might make you uncomfortable
But I don't force it either
If someone refuses to accept and disagrees
You can directly pick up the money and leave here.
First, the factory must be kept clean and tidy
From now on, I will send a special person to check it every day.
If anyone's area is not up to standard
Directly deduct one dollar of salary, accumulating more than 10 yuan
What do you want to return?
We are here to make clothes.
I'm not here for hygiene
Why deduct our money?
Second, all employees in the factory, regardless of gender
Must wear work clothes
Those who do not wear work clothes during working hours in the future
Female hair distribution
Male smoker
One dollar for each discovery
This little girl is in charge of so much shit
I think you just need to clean up.
Stinky girls don't serve men at home
Come out and make an appearance
I think you are here, drinking and making trouble during working hours
outright expulsion
How dare you fire me?
Do you know who I am?
Ah, who are you?
I am the nephew of the uncle of the factory manager
How long has this factory been built here?
How long have I been here?
How dare you fire me?
Do you believe me?
You stinky bitch
Wait until I go back and tell my uncle
But it's you
Xu Lin An that kid
Saw me.
You have to call me brother
Call you uncle